Test Code/Python/vcupycobot_api.md, before:

# vcupycobot - VCU SE Lab's MyCobot Module

This module contains helpful functions that build off of the original `pymycobot` model provided by Elephant Robotics. The goal of these functions is to make the cobot easier to program, and to provide helpful developer functionality that is missing from the original module.

## example_function
- **Description**: Description Here
- **Parameters**: 
    - Parameter Descriptions Here
- **Returns**: Return Value Descriptions Here
- **Usage Examples**:
    - Usage Examples Here

---

### check_cobot_connection()
- **Description**: Checks if the cobot is "on". If the cobot is not "on", it turns on the cobot.
- **Parameters**: 
    - N/A
- **Returns**: 
    - N/A
- **Exceptions**:
    - Raises a connection exception when the cobot's angles cannot be read. (A symptom of not being connected to ATOM.)
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.check_cobot_connection()`

### angle_in_position(cobot : MyCobot, joint_id : int, expected_angle : int)
- **Description**: Checks to see if the angular position of each of the specified joint of the indicated cobot matches the expected angle.
- **Parameters**: 
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `joint_id : int` - The identification number of the joint you intend to move. Accepts ID numbers 1 - 6. 
    - `expected_angle : int` - A list of 6 angular values, each value being between -180 degrees and 180 degrees.
- **Returns**:
    - A Boolean value: 
        - `True`, if the position of the joint matches the expected angle;
        - `False`, if the position of the joint does not match the expected angle.
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `while not vcupycobot.angle_in_position(mc, 1, angle):`
    - `if vcupycobot.angles_in_position(cobot, 2, 0):`

### angles_in_position(cobot : MyCobot, expected_angles : list)
- **Description**: Checks to see if the angular position of each of the joints of the indicated cobot matches the angles indicated by the list of expected angles. 
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `expected_angles : list` - A list of 6 angular values, each value being between -180 degrees and 180 degrees.
- **Returns**: 
    - A Boolean value: 
        - `True`, if the position of the cobot matches the expected angles;
        - `False`, if the position of the cobot does not match the expected angles.
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `while not vcupycobot.angles_in_position(mc, angle):`
    - `if vcupycobot.angles_in_position(cobot, [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]):`

### send_angle_smoothly(cobot : MyCobot, joint_id : int, start : int, end : int, speed : int, delay : float)
- **Description**: Sends a procession of angles to the cobots in succession to the specified joint from the indicated 
    starting angular position to the indicated ending angular position. This method produces a more graceful angular 
    movement instead of the quick movements that can be produced by the `pymycobot` modules' `send_angle` function. 
    - If the current angle of the specified joint does not match the starting angle, the cobot will move to the starting 
        angle.
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `joint_id : int` - The identification number of the joint you intend to move. Accepts ID numbers 1 - 6. 
    - `start : int` - The expected starting angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees and 180 
        degrees.
    - `end : int` - The expected ending angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees and 180 degrees.
    - (Optional) `speed : int` - The speed at which the cobot's joint will move to reach each of the consecutive angles.
        Default value of 100.
    - (Optional) `delay : float` - The delay, in seconds, between movement commands. Default value of 0.001 (1 ms).
- **Returns**:
    - `0` if the joint could reach the end angle successfully
    - `-1` if the joint could not reach the end angle successfully
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.send_angle_smoothly(mc, 1, 0, 180)`
    - `vcupycobot.send_angle_smoothly(mc, 1, -180, 180, 50)`

### send_angles_smoothly(cobot : MyCobot, start_angles : list, end_angles : list, speed : int, delay : float)
- **Description**: Sends a procession of angles to the cobots in succession from the indicated starting angular 
    positions to the indicated ending angular positions. This method produces a more graceful angular movement instead 
    of the quick movements that can be produced by the `pymycobot` modules' `send_angles` function. 
    - If the current angle of the cobot does not match the starting angles, the cobot will move to the starting angles.
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `start_angles : list` - The expected starting angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees 
        and 180 degrees.
    - `end_angles : list` - The expected ending angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees and 
        180 degrees.
    - (Optional) `speed : int` - The speed at which the cobot's joint will move to reach each of the consecutive angles.
        Default value of 100.
    - (Optional) `delay : float` - The delay, in seconds, between movement commands. Default value of 0.1 (100 ms).
- **Returns**:
    - `0` if the cobot could reach the end angle successfully
    - `-1` if the cobot could not reach the end angle successfully
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.send_angles_smoothly(mc, [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0], [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1])`
    - `vcupycobot.send_angles_smoothly(cobot, cobot.get_angles(), [-36, 20, 0, 18, 68, -180])`

### move_to_origin(cobot : MyCobot, speed : int)
- **Description**: Moves the cobot to its origin. The origin of each cobot's angles is 0 degrees (where the knotches in each joint line up). 
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : myCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `speed : int` - The speed at which the cobot will move to reach the origin, from 0 to 100.
- **Returns**:
    - N/A
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.move_to_origin(100)`
    - `vcupycobot.move_to_origin(50)`

### compare_angle_lists(angle_list_a : list, angle_list_b : list)
- **Description**: Compares two list of angular values.
- **Parameters**:
    - `angle_list_a : list` - A list of angles.
    - `angle_list_b : list` - A list of angles.
- **Returns**:
    - `True` if both lists are the same.
    - `False` if both lists are different or either list does not contain 6 angles.
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.compare_angle_list([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0], [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0])` - returns `True`
    - `vcupycobot.compare_angle_list(mc.get_angles(), [])` - returns `False`

Commit message:

Fixed Sending the Angles Smoothly

Test Code/Python/vcupycobot_api.md, after:

# vcupycobot - VCU SE Lab's MyCobot Module

This module contains helpful functions that build off of the original `pymycobot` model provided by Elephant Robotics. The goal of these functions is to make the cobot easier to program, and to provide helpful developer functionality that is missing from the original module.

## example_function
- **Description**: Description Here
- **Parameters**: 
    - Parameter Descriptions Here
- **Returns**: Return Value Descriptions Here
- **Usage Examples**:
    - Usage Examples Here

---

### check_cobot_connection()
- **Description**: Checks if the cobot is "on". If the cobot is not "on", it turns on the cobot.
- **Parameters**: 
    - N/A
- **Returns**: 
    - N/A
- **Exceptions**:
    - Raises a connection exception when the cobot's angles cannot be read. (A symptom of not being connected to ATOM.)
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.check_cobot_connection()`

### angle_in_position(cobot : MyCobot, joint_id : int, expected_angle : int)
- **Description**: Checks to see if the angular position of each of the specified joint of the indicated cobot matches the expected angle.
- **Parameters**: 
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `joint_id : int` - The identification number of the joint you intend to move. Accepts ID numbers 1 - 6. 
    - `expected_angle : int` - A list of 6 angular values, each value being between -180 degrees and 180 degrees.
- **Returns**:
    - A Boolean value: 
        - `True`, if the position of the joint matches the expected angle;
        - `False`, if the position of the joint does not match the expected angle.
- **Exceptions**:
    - Raises an exception when the cobot's angles cannot be read. (A symptom of not being connected to ATOM.)
    - Raises a ValueError exception if the expected angle is not within the joint's range of movement.
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `while not vcupycobot.angle_in_position(mc, 1, angle):`
    - `if vcupycobot.angles_in_position(cobot, 2, 0):`

### angles_in_position(cobot : MyCobot, expected_angles : list)
- **Description**: Checks to see if the angular position of each of the joints of the indicated cobot matches the angles indicated by the list of expected angles. 
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `expected_angles : list` - A list of 6 angular values, each value being between -180 degrees and 180 degrees.
- **Returns**: 
    - A Boolean value: 
        - `True`, if the position of the cobot matches the expected angles;
        - `False`, if the position of the cobot does not match the expected angles.
- **Exceptions**:
    - Raises an exception when the cobot's angles cannot be read. (A symptom of not being connected to ATOM.)
    - Raises a ValueError exception if the expected angle is not within the joint's range of movement.
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `while not vcupycobot.angles_in_position(mc, angle):`
    - `if vcupycobot.angles_in_position(cobot, [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]):`

### send_angle_smoothly(cobot : MyCobot, joint_id : int, start : int, end : int, speed : int, delay : float)
- **Description**: Sends a procession of angles to the cobots in succession to the specified joint from the indicated 
    starting angular position to the indicated ending angular position. This method produces a more graceful angular 
    movement instead of the quick movements that can be produced by the `pymycobot` modules' `send_angle` function. 
    - If the current angle of the specified joint does not match the starting angle, the cobot will move to the starting 
        angle.
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `joint_id : int` - The identification number of the joint you intend to move. Accepts ID numbers 1 - 6. 
    - `start : int` - The expected starting angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees and 180 
        degrees.
    - `end : int` - The expected ending angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees and 180 degrees.
    - (Optional) `speed : int` - The speed at which the cobot's joint will move to reach each of the consecutive angles.
        Default value of 100.
    - (Optional) `delay : float` - The delay, in seconds, between movement commands. Default value of 0.001 (1 ms).
- **Returns**:
    - `0` if the joint could reach the end angle successfully
    - `-1` if the joint could not reach the end angle successfully
- **Exceptions**:
    - Raises an exception when the cobot's angles cannot be read. (A symptom of not being connected to ATOM.)
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.send_angle_smoothly(mc, 1, 0, 180)`
    - `vcupycobot.send_angle_smoothly(mc, 1, -180, 180, 50)`

### send_angles_smoothly(cobot : MyCobot, start_angles : list, end_angles : list, speed : int, delay : float)
- **Description**: Sends a procession of angles to the cobots in succession from the indicated starting angular 
    positions to the indicated ending angular positions. This method produces a more graceful angular movement instead 
    of the quick movements that can be produced by the `pymycobot` modules' `send_angles` function. 
    - If the current angle of the cobot does not match the starting angles, the cobot will move to the starting angles.
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : MyCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `start_angles : list` - The expected starting angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees 
        and 180 degrees.
    - `end_angles : list` - The expected ending angle of the cobot's joint, the value being between -180 degrees and 
        180 degrees.
    - (Optional) `speed : int` - The speed at which the cobot's joint will move to reach each of the consecutive angles.
        Default value of 100.
    - (Optional) `delay : float` - The delay, in seconds, between movement commands. Default value of 0.1 (100 ms).
- **Returns**:
    - `0` if the cobot could reach the end angle successfully
    - `-1` if the cobot could not reach the end angle successfully
- **Exceptions**:
    - Raises an exception when the cobot's angles cannot be read. (A symptom of not being connected to ATOM.)
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.send_angles_smoothly(mc, [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0], [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1])`
    - `vcupycobot.send_angles_smoothly(cobot, cobot.get_angles(), [-36, 20, 0, 18, 68, -180])`

### move_to_origin(cobot : MyCobot, speed : int)
- **Description**: Moves the cobot to its origin. The origin of each cobot's angles is 0 degrees (where the knotches in each joint line up). 
- **Parameters**:
    - `cobot : myCobot` - An instance of a MyCobot object corresponding to a cobot connected via serial port.
    - `speed : int` - The speed at which the cobot will move to reach the origin, from 0 to 100.
- **Returns**:
    - N/A
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.move_to_origin(100)`
    - `vcupycobot.move_to_origin(50)`

### compare_angle_lists(angle_list_a : list, angle_list_b : list)
- **Description**: Compares two list of angular values.
- **Parameters**:
    - `angle_list_a : list` - A list of angles.
    - `angle_list_b : list` - A list of angles.
- **Returns**:
    - `True` if both lists are the same.
    - `False` if both lists are different or either list does not contain 6 angles.
- **Usage Examples**:
    - `vcupycobot.compare_angle_list([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0], [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0])` - returns `True`
    - `vcupycobot.compare_angle_list(mc.get_angles(), [])` - returns `False`
